Getting Started, Developing on Platform.sh, Going Live Guides (#1120)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: src/gettingstarted/local-development/download-code.md

# Local development

## Download the code

If you have already [pushed your code](/gettingstarted/own-code.md) to Platform.sh, then you should already have a local repository that you can build from.

Otherwise, it will be necessary to download a local copy of your project first.

> <asciinema-player src="/videos/asciinema/local-copy.cast" preload=1 autoplay=1 loop=1></asciinema-player>

Reviewer: The end of this video is rather weird.  I don't know what it's doing, but since it loops I can't even see it do it.

Author: Took out the loop and autoplay so it should be clearer now once I push a block of edits.

1. **Get project ID**

>     You will need the your *project ID*. You can retrieve this ID at any time using the CLI commands `platform` or `platform project:list`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You will need the your *project ID*. You can retrieve this ID at any time using the CLI command `platform`.
```
